com/solr/clientwrapper/rest/errors/ExceptionTranslatorIT.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.rest.errors.ExceptionTranslatorIT
com/solr/clientwrapper/config/WebConfigurerTestController.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.config.WebConfigurerTestController
com/solr/clientwrapper/rest/SolrSchemaResourceTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.rest.SolrSchemaResourceTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/service/MailServiceIT.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.service.MailServiceIT
com/solr/clientwrapper/rest/DataIngectionResourceTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.rest.DataIngectionResourceTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/kafka/KafkaTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.kafka.KafkaTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/security/jwt/TokenProviderTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.security.jwt.TokenProviderTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/security/jwt/JWTFilterTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.security.jwt.JWTFilterTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/security/DomainUserDetailsServiceIT.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.security.DomainUserDetailsServiceIT
com/solr/clientwrapper/solrwrapper/TestUtil.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.TestUtil
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.TestUtil$NumberMatcher
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.TestUtil$ZonedDateTimeMatcher
com/solr/clientwrapper/solrwrapper/SolrCollectionTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrCollectionTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/repository/timezone/DateTimeWrapper.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.repository.timezone.DateTimeWrapper
com/solr/clientwrapper/mapper/UserMapperTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.mapper.UserMapperTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/ArchTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.ArchTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/SolrParseDoc/SolrDocParserResourceTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.SolrParseDoc.SolrDocParserResourceTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/domain/service/throttler/ThrottlerServiceTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.domain.service.throttler.ThrottlerServiceTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/usecase/authority/ReadAuthorityTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.usecase.authority.ReadAuthorityTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/rest/errors/ExceptionTranslatorTestController.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.rest.errors.ExceptionTranslatorTestController
 com.solr.clientwrapper.rest.errors.ExceptionTranslatorTestController$TestDTO
 com.solr.clientwrapper.rest.errors.ExceptionTranslatorTestController$TestResponseStatusException
com/solr/clientwrapper/IntegrationTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.IntegrationTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/security/SecurityUtilsUnitTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.security.SecurityUtilsUnitTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/config/WebConfigurerTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.config.WebConfigurerTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/service/UserServiceIT.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.service.UserServiceIT
com/solr/clientwrapper/solrwrapper/SolrCoreTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrCoreTest
com/solr/clientwrapper/repository/timezone/DateTimeWrapperRepository.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.repository.timezone.DateTimeWrapperRepository
com/solr/clientwrapper/config/NoOpMailConfiguration.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.config.NoOpMailConfiguration
com/solr/clientwrapper/solrwrapper/SolrDocumentParserUtilTest.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrDocumentParserUtilTest
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrDocumentParserUtilTest$1
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrDocumentParserUtilTest$2
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrDocumentParserUtilTest$3
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrDocumentParserUtilTest$4
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrDocumentParserUtilTest$5
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrDocumentParserUtilTest$6
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrDocumentParserUtilTest$7
 com.solr.clientwrapper.solrwrapper.SolrDocumentParserUtilTest$8
com/solr/clientwrapper/config/timezone/HibernateTimeZoneIT.java
 com.solr.clientwrapper.config.timezone.HibernateTimeZoneIT
